README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

- 🔭 I'm a consultant at [Warpnet B.V.](https://warpnet.nl) with over five years of **SRE** and **DevOps** experience at various companies like [DUO](https://duo.nl/) and [KPN](https://www.kpn.com/).
- 🌱 I've made several [contributions to open source](https://github.com/roaldnefs), to tools such as [SaltStack](https://github.com/saltstack/salt/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Aroaldnefs), [Prometheus](https://github.com/prometheus/client_golang/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Aroaldnefs), [rfcat](https://github.com/atlas0fd00m/rfcat/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Aroaldnefs) and [many more](https://github.com/roaldnefs).
- ⚡ Besides contributing to open source I enjoy tinkering with electronics, hardware hacking, and software development in general.
- 💬 You can get in touch with me by email at [info@roaldnefs.com](mailto:info@roaldnefs.com) ([PGP](https://roaldnefs.com/roaldnefs-2020.asc)), Twitter ([@roaldnefs](https://twitter.com/roaldnefs)), and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/roaldnefs/).

### Work Experience

[<img align="left" height="94px" width="94px" alt="Warpnet" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/5047569?s=200&v=4"/>](https://warpnet.nl/)

[**Warpnet**](https://warpnet.nl/) \
Employment type: Full-time \
Languages & Frameworks: `Python`, `Django`, `C++`, `JavaScript`, `GoLang` \
Featured Projects: [salt-lint](https://github.com/warpnet/salt-lint), [vscode-salt-lint](https://github.com/warpnet/vscode-salt-lint).
<br/>

[<img align="left" height="94px" width="94px" alt="KPN" src="https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D0BAQHG-gVjZV6mrw/company-logo_200_200/0/1604394679834?e=1619654400&v=beta&t=pW7C6MJAHKXkUYcr0_nL4W6l2xNfX4Jz3o0VjA6qzSM"/>](https://www.kpn.com/)

[**KPN**](https://www.kpn.com/) \
Employment type: Contract \
Languages & Frameworks: `Python`, `Ansible`\
<br/>
<br/>

[<img align="left" height="94px" width="94px" alt="Dienst Uitvoering Onderwijs (DUO)" src="https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D0BAQHjgPhHoVWNBw/company-logo_200_200/0/1519898606850?e=1619654400&v=beta&t=be23JiETRntnj_O2ayZXlEtRJbql77D0vD9sBoJBmOk"/>](https://duo.nl/)

[**Dienst Uitvoering Onderwijs (DUO)**](https://duo.nl/) \
Employment type: Contract \
Languages & Frameworks: `Python` \
<br/>
<br/>

### Latest Blog Posts

In the overview below you will find the most recent [posts](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/) of my [blog](https://roaldnefs.com/), automatically updated by [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/roaldnefs/roaldnefs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Update+README.md%22).

<!-- BLOG_START -->
- [How to Automatically Generate Clients for your REST API](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/12/how-to-automatically-generate-clients-for-your-rest-api/) (2020-12-19)
- [Git Branching](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/05/git-branching/) (2020-05-10)
- [Getting Started with Git](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/04/getting-started-with-git/) (2020-04-20)
- [How To Create a Visual Studio Code Extension Pack](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/04/how-to-create-a-visual-studio-code-extension-pack/) (2020-04-17)
- [Ding Dong Ditch using SDR and Arduino](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/01/ding-dong-ditch-using-sdr-and-arduino/) (2020-01-02)
- [Hardware Reversing the Sitecom Wireless Router 150N X1](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2019/12/hardware-reverse-a-wireless-router/) (2019-12-14)
- [Update YARD Stick One Firmware](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2019/01/update-yard-stick-one-firmware/) (2019-01-16)
- [Software Defined Radio on Linux](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2019/01/software-defined-radio-on-linux/) (2019-01-05)
<!-- BLOG_END -->

### Credits

I would like to thank everyone who has supported me in my open-source contributions and projects. I should mention at least a few of them:

- [Warpnet B.V.](https://warpnet.nl), which is also my employer, for giving me the freedom to contibute to whatever open-source project I do see fit and spend a significant portion of my work time doing this.
- Every open-source contributor and maintainer who has ever reviewed any of my contributions, or just replied to the issues I've raised.
- Several companies that found a way to support my work:
  - [TransIP](https://www.transip.eu/) for (temporary) providing me with free credits to test the deployment of VPSs in several open-source project.

If you would like to support my work in open-source, consider [sponsoring me](https://github.com/sponsors/roaldnefs) or get in touch with me via [email](mailto:info@roaldnefs.com), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/roaldnefs), or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/roaldnefs/).

Commit message:

docs: add additional technologies to README.md

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
- 🔭 I'm a consultant at [Warpnet B.V.](https://warpnet.nl) with over five years of **SRE** and **DevOps** experience at various companies like [DUO](https://duo.nl/) and [KPN](https://www.kpn.com/).
- 🌱 I've made several [contributions to open source](https://github.com/roaldnefs), to tools such as [SaltStack](https://github.com/saltstack/salt/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Aroaldnefs), [Prometheus](https://github.com/prometheus/client_golang/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Aroaldnefs), [rfcat](https://github.com/atlas0fd00m/rfcat/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Aroaldnefs) and [many more](https://github.com/roaldnefs).
- ⚡ Besides contributing to open source I enjoy tinkering with electronics, hardware hacking, and software development in general.
- 💬 You can get in touch with me by email at [info@roaldnefs.com](mailto:info@roaldnefs.com) ([PGP](https://roaldnefs.com/roaldnefs-2020.asc)), Twitter ([@roaldnefs](https://twitter.com/roaldnefs)), and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/roaldnefs/).

### Work Experience
In the overview below you will find my most recent work experience:

[<img align="left" height="94px" width="94px" alt="Warpnet" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/5047569?s=200&v=4"/>](https://warpnet.nl/)

[**Warpnet**](https://warpnet.nl/) \
Employment type: Full-time \
Languages & Technologies: `Python`, `Django`, `C++`, `JavaScript`, `GoLang`, `SaltStack`, `Prometheus` \
Featured Projects: [salt-lint](https://github.com/warpnet/salt-lint), [vscode-salt-lint](https://github.com/warpnet/vscode-salt-lint).
<br/>

[<img align="left" height="94px" width="94px" alt="KPN" src="https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D0BAQHG-gVjZV6mrw/company-logo_200_200/0/1604394679834?e=1619654400&v=beta&t=pW7C6MJAHKXkUYcr0_nL4W6l2xNfX4Jz3o0VjA6qzSM"/>](https://www.kpn.com/)

[**KPN**](https://www.kpn.com/) \
Employment type: Contract \
Languages & Technologies: `RHEL`, `Python`, `Ansible`\
<br/>
<br/>

[<img align="left" height="94px" width="94px" alt="Dienst Uitvoering Onderwijs (DUO)" src="https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4D0BAQHjgPhHoVWNBw/company-logo_200_200/0/1519898606850?e=1619654400&v=beta&t=be23JiETRntnj_O2ayZXlEtRJbql77D0vD9sBoJBmOk"/>](https://duo.nl/)

[**Dienst Uitvoering Onderwijs (DUO)**](https://duo.nl/) \
Employment type: Contract \
Languages & Technologies: `Python`, `SaltStack`, `Ansible`, `RHEL`, `OpenShift` \
<br/>
<br/>

Please find me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/roaldnefs/) for a more detailed description of my full work experience, education and certification.

### Latest Blog Posts
In the overview below you will find the most recent [posts](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/) of my [blog](https://roaldnefs.com/), automatically updated by [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/roaldnefs/roaldnefs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Update+README.md%22):

<!-- BLOG_START -->
- [How to Automatically Generate Clients for your REST API](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/12/how-to-automatically-generate-clients-for-your-rest-api/) (2020-12-19)
- [Git Branching](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/05/git-branching/) (2020-05-10)
- [Getting Started with Git](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/04/getting-started-with-git/) (2020-04-20)
- [How To Create a Visual Studio Code Extension Pack](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/04/how-to-create-a-visual-studio-code-extension-pack/) (2020-04-17)
- [Ding Dong Ditch using SDR and Arduino](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2020/01/ding-dong-ditch-using-sdr-and-arduino/) (2020-01-02)
- [Hardware Reversing the Sitecom Wireless Router 150N X1](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2019/12/hardware-reverse-a-wireless-router/) (2019-12-14)
- [Update YARD Stick One Firmware](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2019/01/update-yard-stick-one-firmware/) (2019-01-16)
- [Software Defined Radio on Linux](https://roaldnefs.com/posts/2019/01/software-defined-radio-on-linux/) (2019-01-05)
<!-- BLOG_END -->

### Credits
I would like to thank everyone who has supported me in my open-source contributions and projects. I should mention at least a few of them:

- [Warpnet B.V.](https://warpnet.nl), which is also my employer, for giving me the freedom to contibute to whatever open-source project I do see fit and spend a significant portion of my work time doing this.
- Every open-source contributor and maintainer who has ever reviewed any of my contributions, or just replied to the issues I've raised.
- Several companies that found a way to support my work:
  - [TransIP](https://www.transip.eu/) for (temporary) providing me with free credits to test the deployment of VPSs in several open-source project.

If you would like to support my work in open-source, consider [sponsoring me](https://github.com/sponsors/roaldnefs) or get in touch with me via [email](mailto:info@roaldnefs.com), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/roaldnefs), or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/roaldnefs/).
